---
title: coding
layout: post
author: benjamin.hatch
permalink: /coding/
source-id: 1AgeOQOSyRcGaxxOW3U8wvpgEf7wOE5NH05ddWYaehBE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Coding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We looked at JSBin </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To begin having a code bank and fix my code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The strategies that are effective are listening closely to what Mr.Keen says and if he puts anything on google classroom to help you understand what's going on you should definitely use
It to let you understand everything you're supposed to be doing, Sometimes i learn from the people around me aswell if i don't understand i will sometimes ask them for help on what to do so then i can do what we should be doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was the fact i didn't understand how to type in code, whenever i clicked on the area where i wanted to type code it just went yellow and i couldn't write anything, I need to work on my understanding of Github and coding because right now i do not understand it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will change how closely I listen to Mr.Keen because sometimes i don’t pay as much attention as I should and then i don’t understand what's going on. And I should pay more attention so I can get on with my work quicker and i can finish it quicker.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


