---
title: Fuzebox 6
layout: post
author: benjamin.hatch
permalink: /fuzebox-6/
source-id: 1UwJB377qF5cM3peoie2l20Adh3kVbQ4AP_MBDMhDPao
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>fuze box 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>29/10/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>we had a few lessons on fuze boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete activities on a fuze box
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The strategies that are effective are listening closely to what Mr.Keen says, Sometimes i learn from the people around me aswell if i don't understand i will sometimes ask them for help on what to do so then I can do what we should be doing. And not arguing with the other person that im doing my work with because that will just slow us down and not help in anyway. And making sure you get the coding right. And making sure you put everything in the correct place
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>i'm quite slow to learn and it just took a long time to get my partner to write it down correctly and not getting distracted by those around me who are talking and not doing the work which i should be doing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will remember to get to work straight away and not get distracted by those around me who are talking and i will explain all the points better to my partner so that we can get everything done quicker and we can get to the next assessment and as we got onto the LEDS paying close attention to the image to make sure everything is right so that the leds actually work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


